In a distant future Humanity discovered how to bring their society to the rest of the galaxy. The technology to do so became more and more widespread and more and more people left Earth leaving its nations without the lifeblood they needed to survive, the workers. In a desperate attempt to stay intact the nations of Earth and their armies took to the stars to reclaim their lifeblood by force, but the people who deserted enjoyed their newfound freedom and weren't willing to give it up easily.




My original story idea (Zach)
My race (Tryken) wasn't entirely one group at first, with some species cooperating, starting off with the vaguely sentient lifeform "training" some others, combating some still fully wild creatures while capturing to train, but then just before they were fully able to "collect" all species, an alien (to this region, or planet) robotic group started invading, and attacking the race as they were defending their territory, and some grew resources that gave them magical capabilities naturally, along with that resource being found all around the place
Eventually, as the Tryken started to die off due to this war, another alien species of fungus attacked the steamobots (or whatever owen calls them), at first appearing to save the tryken, but when it starts infesting some Tryken and turning them agaisn't the others, they knew that to not be true. This caused all three races to fight eachother.
After some time in this war, due to the strength of the fungus, a splinter faction of steamobots and a rogue group of Tryken banded together, which helped push back the fungus, but due to treason, and just going rogue, they couldn't truly return to their own forces and tribes.
The fungus eventually fully returned at full strength again as these were yet again fighting, and beginning to drain resources, nearly destroying them all. A few survived, of the allianced group, and slowly but steadily built back up to finally, once and for all, destroy the fungus, or at least keep it in check.
As peace returns, every now and then the steamobots run low on a certain few resources, or Tryken tribe leaders lose trust in steamobots, and skirmishes break out. And the fungus can never truly be gone for good either, unfortunately.
